The last operation in the Epirus was the final battle of the A-1 forces in the north of Mandalay.
As I said earlier, the A-1 forces were in contact with the Jukei army.
They were caught between the Jukei army and the Jukei army.
They were exhausted, so they did not give up and died in the battle.
This is the battle of the Karewa-kin in Kawasa.
Karewa was a part of the Mandalay wtedy- ning region in the north,
which was limited to 2 50 degrees.
But they were caught under the debris they found under the Sponge.
of our process to causeiding our British and Japanese captains
in chief post-imar
and coat sergeants during that time
The results of the trial were determining.
I think that it is not easy to imagine that the military situation has a great meaning.
Therefore, the purpose of the plan to advance the building has been achieved in a short period of time.
Meanwhile, our air force has been actively engaged in the operation,
and has been cooperating with the Japanese military to destroy the enemy air force.
The joint action between the sky and the ground has led to this war.
Since the beginning of the building advance operation, we have been involved in the war of May 16.
The number of enemy aircraft has increased to about 5,000, and the number of enemy aircraft has increased to about 22,000.
The number of enemy aircraft that have been destroyed has increased to about 450, and the number of other unconfirmed aircraft has increased to about 110.